README.rst, before:

|badge-pypiv| |badge-pys| |badge-pyv| |badge-cov| |badge-docs| |badge-build| |badge-docker|

Snippy
======

  I can't remember how - I just remember what.

Snippy is a software development and maintenance notes manager. It allows
organizing and sharing examples and solutions from self hosted or shared
storage through command line interface or via REST API server. Snippy may
be able to help you when working with different open source components that
all have different commands, settings and issues.

Features
========

Main features include:

- Linux command line tool or a `REST API server`_.
- Manage notes in three categories.
- Supports Markdown, YAML, JSON and text formats.
- Organize notes with metadata like groups and links.

Installation
============

To install as a tool, run:

.. code:: text

    pip install snippy --user

To install as a server, run:

.. code:: text

    docker pull docker.io/heilaaks/snippy

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://asciinema.org/a/pRd8Cf6WUGb1ioB7TPFdTq8Fb.png
    :target: https://asciinema.org/a/pRd8Cf6WUGb1ioB7TPFdTq8Fb
    :alt: Snippy in action!

Contributing
============

Author is happy to receive bug reports and feature requests.

Development
===========

See the `development`_ chapter from the documentation.

Related work
============

- `tldr <https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr>`_
- `cheat <https://github.com/cheat/cheat>`_
- `Buku <https://github.com/jarun/Buku>`_
- `CRUD in 2 minutes <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMs-Tltf_Og>`_


.. |badge-pypiv| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/snippy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/snippy

.. |badge-pys| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/status/snippy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/snippy

.. |badge-pyv| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/snippy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/snippy

.. |badge-cov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/heilaaks/snippy/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/heilaaks/snippy

.. |badge-docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/snippy/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://snippy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

.. |badge-build| image:: https://travis-ci.org/heilaaks/snippy.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/heilaaks/snippy

.. |badge-pyup| image:: https://pyup.io/repos/github/heilaaks/snippy/shield.svg
   :target: https://pyup.io/repos/github/heilaaks/snippy/

.. |badge-docker| image:: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/heilaaks/snippy.svg
   :target: https://hub.docker.com/r/heilaaks/snippy

.. _REST API server: https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/heilaaks/snippy/0.11.0

.. _development: https://snippy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development.html

Commit message:

Change Heroku application API base path
The Heroku deploys the application with 'snippy-server.
herokuapp.com' and repeating the 'snippy' in API path
felt unnecessary. The API base path is now simply /api.

Linked the example Heroku application in the README.

Signed-off-by: Heikki Laaksonen <laaksonen.heikki.j@gmail.com>

README.rst, after:

|badge-pypiv| |badge-pys| |badge-pyv| |badge-cov| |badge-docs| |badge-build| |badge-docker|

Snippy
======

  I can't remember how - I just remember what.

Snippy is a software development and maintenance notes manager. It allows
organizing and sharing examples and solutions from self hosted or shared
storage through command line interface or via REST API server. Snippy may
be able to help you for example when working with different open source
components that all have different commands, settings and issues.

Features
========

Main features include:

- Use from Linux command line or from a `REST API server`_ as in `Heroku example`_.
- Run with a self-hosted SQLite or shared PostgreSQL database.
- Manage notes in three categories: snippets, solutions and references.
- Supports Markdown, YAML, JSON and text formats.
- Organize notes with metadata like groups, tags and links.

Installation
============

To install as a tool, run:

.. code:: text

    pip install snippy --user

To install as a server, run:

.. code:: text

    docker pull docker.io/heilaaks/snippy

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://asciinema.org/a/pRd8Cf6WUGb1ioB7TPFdTq8Fb.png
    :target: https://asciinema.org/a/pRd8Cf6WUGb1ioB7TPFdTq8Fb
    :alt: Snippy in action!

Contributing
============

This is a personal hobby project to try to organize maintenance notes when
working with large software projects. Author is happy to hear if this project
has been actually used by anyone. Please post bug reports of feature requests
through GitLab issues.

This project got inspiration from the `Buku <https://github.com/jarun/Buku>`.

Related work
============

- `tldr <https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr>`_
- `cheat <https://github.com/cheat/cheat>`_
- `Buku <https://github.com/jarun/Buku>`_
- `CRUD in 2 minutes <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMs-Tltf_Og>`_


.. |badge-pypiv| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/snippy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/snippy

.. |badge-pys| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/status/snippy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/snippy

.. |badge-pyv| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/snippy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/snippy

.. |badge-cov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/heilaaks/snippy/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/heilaaks/snippy

.. |badge-docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/snippy/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://snippy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

.. |badge-build| image:: https://travis-ci.org/heilaaks/snippy.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/heilaaks/snippy

.. |badge-pyup| image:: https://pyup.io/repos/github/heilaaks/snippy/shield.svg
   :target: https://pyup.io/repos/github/heilaaks/snippy/

.. |badge-docker| image:: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/heilaaks/snippy.svg
   :target: https://hub.docker.com/r/heilaaks/snippy

.. _REST API server: https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/heilaaks/snippy/0.11.0

.. _development: https://snippy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development.html

.. _Heroku example: https://snippy-server.herokuapp.com/api/snippets?sall=docker&limit=5
