README.md, before:


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/heilaaks/snippy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/heilaaks/snippy)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/heilaaks/snippy/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/heilaaks/snippy)
[![Code Health](https://landscape.io/github/heilaaks/snippy/master/landscape.svg?style=flat)](https://landscape.io/github/heilaaks/snippy/master)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/snippy/badge/?version=latest)](http://snippy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

# Snippy

## Introduction

Snippy is a small command line tool to manage command and troubleshooting
solutions. See more information from the [Read the Docs](http://snippy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

The project is based on personal interest to ramp-up competence around python
and try to create something useful.

## Features

None so far.

## Installation

   ```
   git clone https://github.com/heilaaks/snippy.git
   cd snippy
   make install
   mkdir ${HOME}/devel/snippy-db
   python snip.py --help
   ```

Commit message:

Fixed PyPI distribution and installation.
Tested the PyPI distribution to work with test PyPI. The tool
does not work with Python 2. The tool is tested with Python 3.5
and 3.6 at the moment.

Signed-off-by: Heikki Laaksonen <laaksonen.heikki.j@gmail.com>

README.md, after:


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/heilaaks/snippy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/heilaaks/snippy)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/heilaaks/snippy/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/heilaaks/snippy)
[![Code Health](https://landscape.io/github/heilaaks/snippy/master/landscape.svg?style=flat)](https://landscape.io/github/heilaaks/snippy/master)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/snippy/badge/?version=latest)](http://snippy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

# Snippy

## Introduction

Snippy is a small command line tool to manage command examples and troubleshooting
solutions. See more information from the [Read the Docs](http://snippy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

The project is based on personal interest to ramp-up competence around Python
and try to create something semi useful.

## Features

None so far.

## Installation

   ```
   # Developed with Python 3.6. Tested that Python 2.17.x does not currently work.
   git clone https://github.com/heilaaks/snippy.git
   cd snippy
   make install
   snippy --help
   make uninstall
   ```
