docs/dev/SCRIBBLING.md, before:

# Development Scibbling

Random notes and scribling during development.


   ```
   # Installing with Python virtual environment wrapper.
   $ mkdir -p ${HOME}/devel/python-virtualenvs
   $ sudo pip3 install virtualenvwrapper
   $ virtualenv --version
   $ export WORKON_HOME=${HOME}/devel/python-virtualenvs # Add to ~/.bashrc
   $ export VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_PYTHON=/usr/bin/python3    # Add to ~/.bashrc
   $ source /usr/bin/virtualenvwrapper.sh                # Add to ~/.bashrc
   $ mkvirtualenv snippy
   ```

   ```
   # Installing
   $ mkvirtualenv snippy
   $ pip3 install .
   $ pip3 install -e .[dev] # Development packages.
   ```

   ```
   # Example commands for the Python virtualenvwrapper.
   $ lssitepackages
   $ lsvirtualenv
   $ deactivate
   $ workon snippy
   $ rmvirtualenv snippy
   ```

   ```
   # Using Pylint for the first time.
   #    - Modified test line from 100 to 125 characters.
   $ pylint --generate-rcfile > tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.rc
   ```

   ```
   # Running Pylint.
   $ pylint --rcfile tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.rc ./snippy
   $ pylint --rcfile tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.rc ./snippy > tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.txt
   ```

   ```
   # Running pytests tests
   $ pytest
   ```

   ```
   # Freezing project for tag (check this one)
   $ pip freeze > requirements.txt
   ```

   ```
   # Test if Pyflame will have problems with SELinux or settings. The first
   # value needs to be 'off' and second value zero.
   $ getsebool deny_ptrace
     deny_ptrace --> off
   $ sysctl kernel.yama.ptrace_scope
     kernel.yama.ptrace_scope = 0
   ```
   
   ```
   # Install pyflame dependencies
   $ sudo dnf install autoconf automake gcc-c++ python-devel python3-devel libtool
   $ git clone https://github.com/uber/pyflame.git
   $ cd pyflame
   $ git checkout v1.4.4
   $ ./autogen.sh
   $ ./configure
   $ make
   ```

## Bling

http://tjelvarolsson.com/blog/five-steps-to-add-the-bling-factor-to-your-python-package/

## Devel

cd devel/snippy
workon snippy
pylint --rcfile tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.rc ./snippy
pylint --rcfile tests/pylint/pylint-snippy-tests.rc ./tests
pytest --cov=snippy tests/
pytest --cov=snippy --cov-report html tests/
make -C docs html
python snip.py -s 'docker rm $(docker ps -a -q)'  -t docker,container,cleanup -c 'Remove all docker containers'
pytest

   > file:///home/heilaaks/devel/snippy/htmlcov/index.html
   > file:///home/heilaaks/devel/snippy/docs/build/html/index.html

Commit message:

Added code health badge into project main README.md
The below comment should skip the Travis CI:
[ci skip]

Signed-off-by: Heikki Laaksonen <laaksonen.heikki.j@gmail.com>

docs/dev/SCRIBBLING.md, after:

# Development Scibbling

Random notes and scribling during development.


   ```
   # Installing with Python virtual environment wrapper.
   $ mkdir -p ${HOME}/devel/python-virtualenvs
   $ sudo pip3 install virtualenvwrapper
   $ virtualenv --version
   $ export WORKON_HOME=${HOME}/devel/python-virtualenvs # Add to ~/.bashrc
   $ export VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_PYTHON=/usr/bin/python3    # Add to ~/.bashrc
   $ source /usr/bin/virtualenvwrapper.sh                # Add to ~/.bashrc
   $ mkvirtualenv snippy
   ```

   ```
   # Installing
   $ mkvirtualenv snippy
   $ pip3 install .
   $ pip3 install -e .[dev] # Development packages.
   ```

   ```
   # Example commands for the Python virtualenvwrapper.
   $ lssitepackages
   $ lsvirtualenv
   $ deactivate
   $ workon snippy
   $ rmvirtualenv snippy
   ```

   ```
   # Using Pylint for the first time.
   #    - Modified test line from 100 to 125 characters.
   $ pylint --generate-rcfile > tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.rc
   ```

   ```
   # Running Pylint.
   $ pylint --rcfile tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.rc ./snippy
   $ pylint --rcfile tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.rc ./snippy > tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.txt
   ```

   ```
   # Running pytests tests
   $ pytest
   ```

   ```
   # Freezing project for tag (check this one)
   $ pip freeze > requirements.txt
   ```

   ```
   # Test if Pyflame will have problems with SELinux or settings. The first
   # value needs to be 'off' and second value zero.
   $ getsebool deny_ptrace
     deny_ptrace --> off
   $ sysctl kernel.yama.ptrace_scope
     kernel.yama.ptrace_scope = 0
   ```
   
   ```
   # Install pyflame dependencies
   $ sudo dnf install autoconf automake gcc-c++ python-devel python3-devel libtool
   $ git clone https://github.com/uber/pyflame.git
   $ cd pyflame
   $ git checkout v1.4.4
   $ ./autogen.sh
   $ ./configure
   $ make
   ```

## Bling

http://tjelvarolsson.com/blog/five-steps-to-add-the-bling-factor-to-your-python-package/

## Travis CI and tooling

Add '[ci skip]' to commitlog in order to prevent the CI build.

https://landscape.io/dashboard
https://travis-ci.org/heilaaks/snippy
https://codecov.io/gh/heilaaks/snippy
https://landscape.io/github/heilaaks/snippy
http://snippy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

## Devel

cd devel/snippy
workon snippy
pylint --rcfile tests/pylint/pylint-snippy.rc ./snippy
pylint --rcfile tests/pylint/pylint-snippy-tests.rc ./tests
pytest --cov=snippy tests/
pytest --cov=snippy --cov-report html tests/
make -C docs html
python snip.py -s 'docker rm $(docker ps -a -q)'  -t docker,container,cleanup -c 'Remove all docker containers'
pytest

   > file:///home/heilaaks/devel/snippy/htmlcov/index.html
   > file:///home/heilaaks/devel/snippy/docs/build/html/index.html
